README.md, before:

# :poop: Poopedia :poop:

## Overview
Poopedia is a simple react app meant to keep you company whilst you do your business. It provides the user with a random fact, and gives them the option to save that fact or load a new fact.

:poop: Facts are generated by fetching a single random fact from the [useless facts API](https://uselessfacts.jsph.pl/random.json?language=en)

:poop: Saved facts are stored in a MockAPI. They are not personalized to the user, any fact saved will be fetched for all users

:poop: Most of the styling is done using react bootstrap, with a bit of custom CSS sprinkled in

:poop: This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Upcoming changes
:hammer_and_wrench: Several small state changes need to be made for proper reloading of the Mock API after a JSON entry is deleted by the user

:hammer_and_wrench: Buttons need to be edited so they fully stack and fill screen on mobile (currently stack, just want cleaner UX)

-----------------------------------------------------
## Requirements:
Please refer to the packages.json file or run 'npm  install' once the git repository is cloned to acquire the necessary packages to run this program.

Commit message:

fixed refetch behavior after a liked fact was deleted, updated readme to reflect the double fetch behavior I need to fix

README.md, after:

# :poop: Poopedia :poop:

## Overview
Poopedia is a simple react app meant to keep you company whilst you do your business. It provides the user with a random fact, and gives them the option to save that fact or load a new fact.

:poop: Facts are generated by fetching a single random fact from the [useless facts API](https://uselessfacts.jsph.pl/random.json?language=en)

:poop: Saved facts are stored in a MockAPI. They are not personalized to the user, any fact saved will be fetched for all users

:poop: Most of the styling is done using react bootstrap, with a bit of custom CSS sprinkled in

:poop: This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Upcoming changes
:hammer_and_wrench: Need to alter the TriviaAPI useffect so that it doesn't load again when StarAPI calls the component and passes methods to it

:hammer_and_wrench: Buttons need to be edited so they fully stack and fill screen on mobile (currently stack, just want cleaner UX)

-----------------------------------------------------
## Requirements:
Please refer to the packages.json file or run 'npm  install' once the git repository is cloned to acquire the necessary packages to run this program.
